---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy/
navexclude: true
---

## Privacy Policy

Last updated: May 18, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes My policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **Owner** (referred to as either "the Owner", "I", "Me", or "My", in this Agreement) refers to Peter Rother, Owner of Peter Rother's Journal.
* **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* **Service** refers to the Website.
* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* **Website** refers to Peter Rother's Journal, accessible from <[https://peterrother.com](https://peterrother.com)>
* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Usage Data

While using My Service, No Usage Data information is collected.

## Personal Data

While using My Service, No personally identifiable information is collected.

## Tracking Technologies and Cookies

I use no Cookies or similar tracking technologies to track activity on the Service or store certain information about You.

## Links to Other Websites

My Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Me. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. I strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

I may update My Privacy Policy from time to time. I will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

I will let You know via a prominent notice on My Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Me

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact Me:

By email: [privacy@peterrother.com](mailto:privacy@peterrother.com)
